---
title: "NOELAC Championship Show Nov-2024"
date: 2025-01-01T00:00:00Z
author: "NOELAC"
newsletter_year: "2025"
---

{{< badge >}}Newsletter 2025{{< /badge >}}

After weeks of planning and organising, the day before the show had arrived and with Graces car packed to capacity with show paraphernalia we drove down to the RKC building and met up with committee member, Richard, to begin the task of setting up the show, and I must say, we worked well together and were finished before our two hours allotted time ran out.

Grace and I went back to the local pub where we had booked a room for an overnight stay and had a lovely meal and a chill out.

The following morning we joined the rest of the committee at the show venue to put the finishing touches to the show set up and had a coffee before the exhibitors and the judge arrived.

This show will be one to remember for our judge, Miss Pamela Hughes as it was her very first time awarding CCs

Many of our Apso family supported Pamela’s big day and she had a wonderful entry of 83 dogs/89 entries which was so good to see in these days offalling show entries.

Pamela, very kindly brought along special gifts for her main winners and even gave her two ring stewards a gift, which was very much appreciated.

There was a great atmosphere around the ring and everyone appeared to enjoy the show and the homemade Scottish tablet (a traditional confection) which Pamela brought for us to try (I was addicted!).

The kitchen team did an amazing job, Janice, Brian, Richard and Glyn kept everyone fed and watered throughout the day, the buffet was fantastic… Well done!

As usual we held a very successful raffle, many thanks to Dianne Culverhouse who along with her little helper, Aleena, did a wonderful job in selling lots of tickets and a huge thanks must also go to all those who generously donated items.

As usual there was also a free raffle ticket attached to the show catalogue, the judge picked out the winning tickets, the lucky winners were Madaleine Lewis and Mary Lou Hemsley.


